All right let's make our up a little bit bigger than just an H1 tack Kerry add new pages here.
Well let's have a look.
If I do new file and let's say we're going to have an About page so about dodginess And this about page
let's say well of same syntax we'll call it about and again we're just creating a simple component here.
And we're going to return let's return let's return.
In other div
and inside of this div we'll just have an H1 tag that says about very exciting what page I know Let's
export default
and see what happens.
All right.
If I go back to my Web page.
Ok I still see S.R. magician but if I go now to the boat you are Al.
Look at that.
I'm on the About page.
How cool is that.
Simply just putting files underneath the pages creates new pages for us.
But we have a problem here now right.
How can we link these two pages together because that's how web sites work.
You have links between pages.
Well let's just experiment with something.
What if I add an atack here with the ref that he calls let's say about dodgiest
and just close the attack here.
We'll see if that works.
I save go back to the index page and I have the about 2 over here if I click on it.
I go to about Dodge.
Yes.
That link can be found because with next we just give it the end point that we want so about because
well that's how Atra fork's we need an actual euro.
So if I save
and go back to our index click on a boat look at that we're on the About page now.
How cool is that.
Now check this out.
If I open up the network tab and I refresh the page all right I get a ton of stuff with web pack and
other things.
But we got the index saw japes file.
If I close this now and I click on the boat and you see that there's some background tasks happening
don't worry too much about that if I click on about there you know my About page my About page just
got loaded which is the standard way that we see server side rendered or older generation of web sites
work but next provides a really cool tool for us to actually have client side writing.
Let me show you what I mean in next you can you have access to something called a link component and
this link component can be grabbed from the next link.
So this is just saying from the next package grab the link component and now instead of using the tag
let's comment this out instead of using the tag we can say link
HSF.
It calls to about
and just close this link back and inside of here we can just give it a say and a tag that is about.
All right so let's say that and close this for now let's see if it works.
I go back here click on about.
All right.
It's working.
Also.
Next slide.
Yes.
Has the built in writing so we can go back and forth just like we would in a browser in a regular web
site to go back and forth which is actually quite difficult when you do client side routing.
But again everything just works out of the box.
Nice and easy.
And by the way I can do anything I want here.
Not just an a tag if I do button here.
And I save this go back here I click on About look at that I'm able to go back or go to the About page
and this is very cool with the link tag as we can wrap anything we want and a link tag and it becomes
a link.
All we need to give it is an RF nice and simple let's make our About page a little bit snazzier again
again nothing crazy here but we know how styles work with reactor's All right.
I can say font size is 20 pixels.
Make sure it's the string and maybe a lot a color
a color of
let's save go back.
All right.
Very cool.
Nice and easy styling as well.
All right.
I'm going to make the About page just a little bit more stylish than what we have now so let's just
add over here perhaps a while we'll leave the header the way it is but we'll also add a link.
Again we have to import that up here so we'll say import link from our next link package and the link
will just say Tref.
We wanted to go to the homepage so I'll just say back to the home page
and inside of this link we'll just have a backbone so I'll just give it a button that says back.
And then finally maybe the bottom will also have a p tag that says I was a magician once.
Very descriptive about age.
Let's save and go to the above page who was a magician once.
If I go back everything is working and I know this doesn't look super super impressive but the fact
that we can do client side routing like this is actually very very nice.
It is a tough problem that with Korea react up on the front and you'd have to use something like re-act
rudder to implemented and although that is easy as we call it it's still especially hard when he worked
with server side rendered.
So this is just out of the box very easy.
All right.
More awesome stuff from next.
Coming up next video that's funny I said next to many taps.
All right.
I'll see you in the next one.
Bye bye.